a round of applause in the United
Nations General Assembly after an
overwhelming majority of member states
voted in favor of a resolution that says
Palestine qualifies for full membership
and asks the security Council to
reconsider its bid we did not trite the
UN
Charter we did not enact international
law we just demanded to see them applied
to
us and have been until now denied their
protection in an act of theatrics using
a prop Israel's Ambassador said any new
rights or privileges bestowed on
Palestine would be akin to shredding the
UN Charter a spokesperson for the
Secretary General rejected this there's
many Charters there's one right here the
charter is intact its ideals are intact
the draft resolution agreed to had some
symbolic privileges for palestin
like allowing them to sit among full
members and also some more tangible
benefits like allowing Palestine to
participate in most UN meetings
something they could not do before but
the watered down resolution which the US
voted against specifically maintained
Palestine with non-member Observer
status full membership to the UN
requires Security Council approval last
month the US vetoed palestine's full
membership ship bid the US contends
Palestine should negotiate the issue
with Israel an argument refuted by
Pakistan's Ambassador
negotiations must have a Level Playing
Field if Israel is negotiating as a full
member of of the United Nations so too
should Palestine while the resolution
overwhelmingly adopted by the general
assembly calls on the security Council
to Recon consider palestine's bid for
full un membership it's unclear if they
will actually do so we should know in
the next few days but even if the
council decides to reconsider it it
still faces the same obstacle as before
the US has already said that if
necessary they would veto it again
Gabriel zando Al jazer at the United
Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer